Add tools to reshape mesh geometries (#7733)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_mesh/mesh_properties.rst

     builds triangular faces using selected free vertices.
   * :guilabel:`Refine Selected Face(s)` (:guilabel:`Refine Current Face`):
     splits the face into four faces, based on vertices added at the middle of
     each edge (a triangle results into triangles, a quad into quads).
     Also triangulates adjacent faces connected to the new vertices.

The edge markers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When the |meshDigitizing| :sup:`Digitize mesh elements` is active and you hover
over an edge, the edge is highlighted and it is possible to interact with it.
Depending on the context, following markers may be available:

* a **square**, at the center of the edge: click on it to select extremity vertices.
* a **cross** if the two faces on either side can be merged: click on it to delete
  the edge and merge the faces.
* a **circle** if the edge is between two triangles: Click on it to flip the edge,
  i.e. connect it instead to the two other "free" vertices of the faces

The :guilabel:`Force by Selected Geometries` tool
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The |meshEditForceByVectorLines| :sup:`Force by Selected Geometries` tool

> provides advanced ways to split faces of a mesh using a line geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides advanced ways to apply break lines using lines geometry.
```

> The mesh frame and properties are affected along that line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A break line will force the mesh to have edges a long the line. Note that the break line will not be considered persistent once the operation done. Resulting edges will not be constraint anymore and could be modified as other edges.
```

Author: @vcloarec I do not understand the last sentence. When were the "resulting edges" considered as constraints? They didn't exist few seconds ago, did they?

Reviewer: When building TIN DEM (with other tools than QGIS), user can often add a break line. This constraint will not move, and the TIN will always be constrained by the line, concerned edge will not move, whatever the changes around.
Here with QGIS, we can add a constraint by drawing the line, just after drawing the line, the mesh will be constrained by this line, but after this mesh changes, the line is not here anymore and the mesh is not constrained anymore, changes around can lead to change edges that was on line.
That why I didn't call this editing tool "add a break line" but "force by line", and I think it is important to talk about because user can be used with real break lines.

I hope it is more clear.

> This can be used for example to locally modify a mesh layer with a more accurate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used for example to locally modify a mesh layer with accurate
```

> 3D contours you may have got by other means.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lines, as river banks or border of road embankments.
```

#. Enable the |meshEditForceByVectorLines| :sup:`Force by Selected Geometries` tool
#. Indicate the geometry to use as "forcing line"; it can be:

   * picked from a line or polygon feature in the map canvas: right-click over
     the vector feature and select it from the list in the contextual menu.
   * a virtual line drawn over the mesh frame: left-click to add vertices,
     right-click for validation. Vertices Z value is set through the
     :guilabel:`Vertex Z value` widget or the :guilabel:`z` widget
     if the :guilabel:`Advanced Digitizing Panel` is on. If the line is snapped
     to a mesh vertex or a 3D vector feature's vertex or segment,
     the new vertex takes the snapped element Z value.

> Mesh faces that overlap the line geometry or the polygon's boundary are split
> along the vector geometry. Their shapes and vertices z value depend on options
> you can set from the |meshEditForceByVectorLines| :sup:`Force by Selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mesh faces that overlap the line geometry or the polygon's boundary will be affected in a way that depends on options you can set from the |meshEditForceByVectorLines| :sup:`Force by Selected
```

Geometries` tool drop-down menu:

> * |checkbox| :guilabel:`Add new vertex on intersecting edges`: defines whether
>   a vertex element is added only on the forcing line vertices or should also be
>   added to the mesh whenever the line intersects an interior edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |checkbox| :guilabel:`Add new vertex on intersecting edges`: with this option, a new vertex is added each time the forcing line intersect an edge. This option leads to split along the line each encountered faces.
Without this option, each encountered faces are removed and replaced by faces coming from a triangulation with only the existing vertices plus the vertices of the forcing lines (new vertices are also added on the boundary edge intersecting the forcing lines).
```

  .. _figure_force_mesh_geometry:

  .. figure:: img/force_mesh_geometry.png
     :align: center

     Force Mesh using a line geometry - Results without (middle) and with (right)
     new vertex on edges intersection

* :guilabel:`Interpolate Z value from`: set how the new vertices Z value is
  calculated. It can be from:

  * the :guilabel:`Mesh` itself: the new vertices Z value is interpolated from
    vertices of the face they fall within
  * or the :guilabel:`Forcing line`: if the line is defined by a 3D vector
    feature or a drawn line then the new vertices Z value is derived from
    its geometry. In case of 2D line feature, the new vertices Z value is
    the :guilabel:`Vertex Z value`.

* :guilabel:`Tolerance`: when an existing mesh vertex is closer to the line than
  the tolerance value, do not create new vertex on the line but use the existing

>   vertex to split the face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  vertex instead.
```
